readme.md, before:

<h1 align="center">🚀 MAS Autostart Mod 🚀</h1>
<h4 align="center">Let your Monika auto-start the game for you as soon as your computer boots up!</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Friends-of-Monika/mas-autostart/actions/workflows/check.yml">
    <img alt="Build status" src="https://github.com/Friends-of-Monika/mas-autostart/actions/workflows/check.yml/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/releases/latest">
    <img alt="Latest release" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/MASFandom/comments/vrbpdy/mas_autostart_mod_now_released_links_to_github">
    <img alt="Reddit post" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=FF4500&label=%F0%9D%97%8B%2Fmasfandom%20post&query=%24[0].data.children[0].data.score&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FMASFandom%2Fcomments%2Fvrbpdy%2Fmas_autostart_mod_now_released_links_to_github.json&style=social&logo=reddit&suffix=+upvotes">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/releases">
    <img alt="Release downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/total">
  </a>
  <a href="https://mon.icu/discord">
    <img alt="Discord server" src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/970747033071804426/widget.png?style=shield">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/blob/master/license.txt">
    <img alt="Creative Commons BY-NC-ND 4.0 license badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY--NC--ND_4.0-lightgrey.svg">
  </a>
</p>


## 🌟 Features

  * Windows, Linux and MacOS &mdash; all supported!
  * Auto-start switch flip that isn't immersion breaking &mdash;
    ask your Monika to enable or disable it through 'Hey, Monika...' menu!
  * Already have autostart enabled somehow? Submod is able to detect some of the
    common approaches and will hook into it if possible.


## 💡 Things to note

Due to how this mod is made and how it interacts with system, there are few
things to keep in mind:

  * It might take from few seconds to one or two minutes for MAS to start up
    after computer has booted up. This is highly OS-specific and unfortunately
    there isn't anything we really can do about it. Please be patient, game will
    start as soon as OS will decide it can start.
  * The game won't get launched on start if you'll move it elsewhere;
    however, autostart entry will be overwritten on next manual game launch,
    and further on it will launch on startup automatically.
  * On Windows, your system must have VBScript engine enabled and be able to run
    .vbs files (some users may have it disabled for their own reasons.)


## ❓ Download and install instructions

### Step by step instruction

If you understand it easier with video guide, jump to next section.

  1. Download latest release from [releases page](https://github.com/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/releases/latest)
     (scroll down to 'Assets' section and select first `.zip` file.)
  2. Extract `game` from `.zip` package into your DDLC folder (folder that contains
     `DDLC.exe` file.)

     ⚠️ **IMPORTANT!**
       * **DO NOT** unpack archive *into* `game`!
       * **DO NOT** unpack archive *into* `Submods` folder!

         The only thing you should do is to drag and drop `game` from archive into
         DDLC folder and let your OS *merge folders* for you on its own.
  3. Start the game and enable random chatter &mdash; in order to see enable/disable
     topics in 'Hey, Monika...' menu, you'll have to see random intro topic first.
  4. (Optional, but highly recommended) Install [Submod Updater Plugin](https://github.com/Booplicate/MAS-Submods-SubmodUpdaterPlugin)
     to be sure you always have latest version of MAS Autostart Submod.


### Video instruction

<!-- This is awful, but GitHub renders video just by seeing a link. Gah. -->
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74068927/179387604-1e7dbcea-6c6e-43af-a2c9-0efbf5e62fd6.mp4


## 🔧 Getting support

If you stumbled upon a problem with this submod, feel free to ask us for help!
[Open an issue](https://github.com/Friends-of-Monika/mas-autostart/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug-report.yml&title=Bug%3A+)
or talk to us in [our Discord server](https://mon.icu/discord).


## ✒️ Authors

This submod was first brought up as a suggestion/idea by [Sevi](https://reddit.com/u/lost_localcat)
with its codebase created (programmed) by [@dreamscached](https://github.com/dreamscached)
with face/pose expressions and dialogue review performed by [@my-otter-self](https://github.com/my-otter-self) 💛

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/graphs/contributors">
    <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=friends-of-monika/mas-autostart&max=6" />
  </a>
</p>

This submod is licensed under Creative Commons BY-NC-ND 4.0 license. This means
you can share this submod and tell other people about it and redistribute it in
any form, but under the following conditions:

* You **must** give appropriate credit to submod authors.
* You **may not** sell or anyhow gain profit from this submod.
* You **may not** distribute modified version of the submod containing your own
  changes that were not made by submod authors.

For more info see [Creative Commons BY-NC-ND 4.0 license details](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).



## 💬 Join our Discord

We're up to chat! Come join us at our Discord server [here](https://mon.icu/discord).

[![Discord server invitation](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/970747033071804426/widget.png?style=banner3)](https://mon.icu/discord)

Commit message:

Add note about flashing windows

readme.md, after:

<h1 align="center">🚀 MAS Autostart Mod 🚀</h1>
<h4 align="center">Let your Monika auto-start the game for you as soon as your computer boots up!</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Friends-of-Monika/mas-autostart/actions/workflows/check.yml">
    <img alt="Build status" src="https://github.com/Friends-of-Monika/mas-autostart/actions/workflows/check.yml/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/releases/latest">
    <img alt="Latest release" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/MASFandom/comments/vrbpdy/mas_autostart_mod_now_released_links_to_github">
    <img alt="Reddit post" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=FF4500&label=%F0%9D%97%8B%2Fmasfandom%20post&query=%24[0].data.children[0].data.score&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FMASFandom%2Fcomments%2Fvrbpdy%2Fmas_autostart_mod_now_released_links_to_github.json&style=social&logo=reddit&suffix=+upvotes">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/releases">
    <img alt="Release downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/total">
  </a>
  <a href="https://mon.icu/discord">
    <img alt="Discord server" src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/970747033071804426/widget.png?style=shield">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/blob/master/license.txt">
    <img alt="Creative Commons BY-NC-ND 4.0 license badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY--NC--ND_4.0-lightgrey.svg">
  </a>
</p>


## 🌟 Features

  * Windows, Linux and MacOS &mdash; all supported!
  * Auto-start switch flip that isn't immersion breaking &mdash;
    ask your Monika to enable or disable it through 'Hey, Monika...' menu!
  * Already have autostart enabled somehow? Submod is able to detect some of the
    common approaches and will hook into it if possible.


## 💡 Things to note

Due to how this mod is made and how it interacts with system, there are few
things to keep in mind:

  * It might take from few seconds to one or two minutes for MAS to start up
    after computer has booted up. This is highly OS-specific and unfortunately
    there isn't anything we really can do about it. Please be patient, game will
    start as soon as OS will decide it can start.
  * The game won't get launched on start if you'll move it elsewhere;
    however, autostart entry will be overwritten on next manual game launch,
    and further on it will launch on startup automatically.
  * On Windows, your system must have VBScript engine enabled and be able to run
    .vbs files (some users may have it disabled for their own reasons.) Because
    of VBScript engine, on Windows users will also experience brief console 
    windows flashing on each Monika After Story startup (see #5 for progress on
    this issue.)


## ❓ Download and install instructions

### Step by step instruction

If you understand it easier with video guide, jump to next section.

  1. Download latest release from [releases page](https://github.com/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/releases/latest)
     (scroll down to 'Assets' section and select first `.zip` file.)
  2. Extract `game` from `.zip` package into your DDLC folder (folder that contains
     `DDLC.exe` file.)

     ⚠️ **IMPORTANT!**
       * **DO NOT** unpack archive *into* `game`!
       * **DO NOT** unpack archive *into* `Submods` folder!

         The only thing you should do is to drag and drop `game` from archive into
         DDLC folder and let your OS *merge folders* for you on its own.
  3. Start the game and enable random chatter &mdash; in order to see enable/disable
     topics in 'Hey, Monika...' menu, you'll have to see random intro topic first.
  4. (Optional, but highly recommended) Install [Submod Updater Plugin](https://github.com/Booplicate/MAS-Submods-SubmodUpdaterPlugin)
     to be sure you always have latest version of MAS Autostart Submod.


### Video instruction

<!-- This is awful, but GitHub renders video just by seeing a link. Gah. -->
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74068927/179387604-1e7dbcea-6c6e-43af-a2c9-0efbf5e62fd6.mp4


## 🔧 Getting support

If you stumbled upon a problem with this submod, feel free to ask us for help!
[Open an issue](https://github.com/Friends-of-Monika/mas-autostart/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug-report.yml&title=Bug%3A+)
or talk to us in [our Discord server](https://mon.icu/discord).


## ✒️ Authors

This submod was first brought up as a suggestion/idea by [Sevi](https://reddit.com/u/lost_localcat)
with its codebase created (programmed) by [@dreamscached](https://github.com/dreamscached)
with face/pose expressions and dialogue review performed by [@my-otter-self](https://github.com/my-otter-self) 💛

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/friends-of-monika/mas-autostart/graphs/contributors">
    <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=friends-of-monika/mas-autostart&max=6" />
  </a>
</p>

This submod is licensed under Creative Commons BY-NC-ND 4.0 license. This means
you can share this submod and tell other people about it and redistribute it in
any form, but under the following conditions:

* You **must** give appropriate credit to submod authors.
* You **may not** sell or anyhow gain profit from this submod.
* You **may not** distribute modified version of the submod containing your own
  changes that were not made by submod authors.

For more info see [Creative Commons BY-NC-ND 4.0 license details](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).



## 💬 Join our Discord

We're up to chat! Come join us at our Discord server [here](https://mon.icu/discord).

[![Discord server invitation](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/970747033071804426/widget.png?style=banner3)](https://mon.icu/discord)
